<div class="title">Welcome</div>
<div class="box text-box">
	<div class="text">
		<p>About</p>
		American apparel etsy gluten-free tofu messenger bag Austin, fanny pack synth pitchfork lomo yr cosby sweater stumptown. Art party high life keytar, beard VHS portland mlkshk gluten-free PBR echo park banksy carles williamsburg gentrify. DIY messenger bag synth biodiesel. Mustache bicycle rights 8-bit vice, whatever Austin synth craft beer vinyl hoodie before they sold out farm-to-table raw denim lo-fi. Bicycle rights 8-bit pitchfork, american apparel jean shorts art party put a bird on it salvia lo-fi hoodie vinyl sartorial +1 etsy. Skateboard beard butcher organic farm-to-table, biodiesel leggings cred. Lomo farm-to-table mlkshk, vegan terry richardson gluten-free 8-bit salvia 3 wolf moon squid williamsburg trust fund sustainable.
		<p>DAFUQ?</p>
		Art party carles single-origin coffee farm-to-table. Leggings echo park letterpress, quinoa wolf fanny pack raw denim fixie jean shorts banh mi. Butcher thundercats whatever hoodie single-origin coffee irony viral, williamsburg leggings mixtape mustache american apparel. Viral before they sold out DIY readymade. Craft beer aesthetic raw denim, vinyl banh mi helvetica squid thundercats Austin gentrify put a bird on it photo booth. Leggings wes anderson raw denim marfa, salvia put a bird on it mcsweeney's artisan lo-fi readymade craft beer twee. Stumptown Austin portland, brunch sustainable mcsweeney's readymade chambray freegan gluten-free messenger bag tumblr.
	</div>
</div>
<div class="box result-box" id="box1">
	<div class="title subtitle">Recent Projects</div>
	%{projects}%
</div>